Fix bug in documentation re `is_incremental()` (#2596)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/incremental-models.md

Like many things in programming, incremental models are a trade-off between complexity and performance. While they are not as straightforward as the `view` and `table` materializations, they can lead to significantly better performance of your dbt runs.

## Understanding the is_incremental() macro

> The `is_incremental()` macro will return `False` if:
> * the destination table does not exist in the database
> * dbt is running in full-refresh mode
> * the running model is _not_ configured with `materialized='incremental'` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `is_incremental()` macro will return `True` if _all_ of the following conditions are met:
* the destination table already exists in the database
* dbt is _not_ running in full-refresh mode
* the running model is configured with `materialized='incremental'`
```
